it was thought once again in shimane Big
John John restoration of Virginia Beach
Virginia got another one for you
in 1981 Oldsmobile Cutlass two-door this
is the one that I did the previous video
when it came in green I'd already had
the 24s on and it was already lifted but
we tore the whole thing apart took
everything out the inside because as you
can see we changed it to a blue color
but we also did the dark peanutbutter
interior
it had various dents and dings in it we
repaired all of those for those you that
keep up with my YouTube videos this is
the one about almost two years ago it
was Green and it's in a video where it
says I had cut for the 24 but I had a
different rim on it this is the same
vehicle he decided to come back couple
years later and get a color change on it
and get new interior
I tried to hold on to the car as long as
I can as far as getting a nice sunny day
to do the YouTube video but it's been
raining five days straight so it's been
cloudy all day every day
it's about the brightest day we had so
far you know the customer want the
vehicles I had to hurry up I couldn't
wait no more days for the Sun to come
back but the joke is see the clients
been wet sanded buffed out you see the
mirror shine you see the gloss in it
this is a 1981 they go to finish
you're looking to who you can see the
clouds in the sky
you look down the side you see the gloss
you
like I said the car came in green more
like a bluish green interior we changed
it out to a dark peanut butter one color
that's the inside
you covered the -
door panel
new carpet
headliner in two sun-visors back panels
back seat
shoutout to one of my upholstery guys JT
you did this thing on this one
you know John's restoration we are team
I may be the shop owner but I can't do
it all by myself so I have various body
man prep man interior man one stereo
dude and just a host of friends and
people that appreciate my shop in my
business that come around and help shout
out some nephew Cory on this one he was
here helping
so y'all can see we do the interior this
one was done pretty much back to factory
one color you look on youtube.com slash
John's restoration and you'll see the
other video when we had the car stripped
down it was green or you can go on
facebook.com slash John's restoration
and see the before pictures of this
vehicle with the old interior in it with
the old paint job sand it down ready for
paint this way you can see the before
and after all of our work we got almost
200 videos on YouTube right now
we're going to keep bringing them to you
despite all the negative comments that
we get sometimes I guess that's business
while like Katt Williams Dave you got 16
haters need to have 20 before the day is
over
so I think this video might have about
ten more which is cool with me because I
read all the comments and I take he to
them and if it's a negative comment but
it makes sense and something much to
brush up on trust me I do I appreciate
all feedback whether it's good or bad
something to help the business grow
81 cutlass for those of you that
discourage that guy older vehicles and
you see all these new vehicles riding
around just remember one thing
99% of them got car payments vehicles
like this you ain't got no car payments
it's nothing like putting money into a
vehicle that's already paid for and we
will be getting into military financing
so definitely call me on that 75771 3 2
277 where we can finance the interior
the paint jobs rims tires stereos this
way your and come out complete
looking like this one we got to order
some moldings and decals and emblems for
this this should be complete
shout out to the customer Remo let me do
the vehicle we did a few years ago green
now he wanted a color change so here it
is definitely shout out to him for
coming back and believing in John's
restoration one more time and now
judging the way the vehicle look I know
it's going to be more people coming from
his squad to get the vehicles done y'all
see the reflection y'all see how what it
is 1981 Oldsmobile Cutlass
John's restoration virginia beach
virginia 75771 3 to 277 give me a call
let's get your vehicle done